Add addon to add additional rules (#53)
projectsyn/component-prometheus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/addon-additional-rules.adoc

= Addon: Additional rules

This addon allows users to configure additional Prometheus rules to deploy on the cluster via the parameter `addon_configs.additional_rules`.

> Each key-value pair in the dictionary is transformed into a `PrometheusRule` object by the component.

Reviewer: Did you verify that kube-prometheus creates an idividual `PrometheusRule` object for each configured group? I would have assumed that there's only a single object which contains all the configured groups, in which case I'd adjust the documentation as follows.

```suggestion
Each key-value pair in the dictionary is transformed into a Prometheus rule group by the component.
```

Author: Correct, there is only one single PrometheusRule object. Not sure if it would be better to put the additional rules in a separate object?

Reviewer: I think it's fine to keep it as it is now, as that's the officially supported approach for `kube-prometheus` as far as I understand.
